Update PR template instructions (#61)
freedomofpress/securedrop-yum-prod: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Tag in securedrop-workstation repository is correct: https://github.com/freedomofpress/securedrop-workstation/releases/tag/x.y.z
- [ ] Build logs are included: https://github.com/freedomofpress/build-logs/commit/1234
- [ ] CI is passing, the rpm is properly signed with the prod key

> - [ ] Unsigned RPM after running `rpm --delsign` (use same version of rpmsign from the build container) on the signed RPM results in the checksum found in the build logs

Reviewer: With #62 we could reduce this to something like:

```suggestion
- [ ] `tests-fedora` shows the same hash for the unsigned RPM as found in the pre-signature build log
```

> - [ ] RPM independently bit-for-bit reproduced by another maintainer

Reviewer: Suggest making this as concrete as possible:

```suggestion
- [ ] `make build-rpm` run by someone else produces the same hashes to confirm reproducibility
```
